**Least Recently Used (LRU)**: This caching strategy discards the
least recently used items first when the cache is full and new data
needs to be stored. LRU is simple and effective for many scenarios
where the recency of data usage is a good predictor for future data
usage.

**Least Frequently Used (LFU)**: LFU caching strategy discards the
least frequently used items first. This is useful when there are items
that are accessed infrequently but should be kept in cache because
when they are accessed, it's highly likely they will be accessed again
soon.

**Time-To-Live (TTL)**: Each cached entry is given a time to live.
Once the TTL expires, the entry is considered stale and can be removed
or refreshed. This strategy is helpful when the underlying data
changes periodically.

**Write-Through**: This strategy writes data into the cache and the
backing store location at the same time. This ensures that nothing is
lost in case the cache goes down. The downside is slower write times
since every write operation needs to update the cache and the backing
store.

**Write-Around**: This strategy writes data directly to the backing
store, bypassing the cache. This can reduce the cache being flooded
with write operations that are not likely to be re-read, but read
performance can suffer since the first read request will not be
cached.

**Write-Back (or Write-Behind)**: In this strategy, data is written to
the cache and the write to the backing store is done later. Write-back
caching can offer significant performance improvements over
write-through caching because it allows cache writes to return
immediately after data is written into the cache.

**Random Replacement (RR)**: This is a simple strategy where a random
entry is selected for removal when the cache is full. While not often
the best strategy, it is very simple to implement and understand.

**Invalidate/Update on Write**: Whenever the original data is updated,
the corresponding cache entry is either invalidated or updated as
well. Invalidate on write is simpler but can lead to cache misses if
the data is frequently read after being updated. Update on write
ensures the cache is always up to date, but can be more complex and
might lead to wasted effort if the cached data isn't actually being
read.

**Read-Through**: This strategy fetches data from the backing store on
a cache miss, storing it in the cache for future requests. This can
simplify client code and improve performance if the same data is
frequently read.

**Prefetching**: In this strategy, data is fetched into cache
proactively, anticipating future reads. Prefetching can improve read
performance, but it's most effective when it's possible to accurately
predict which data will be read.
